fix: update section headings to align with v1 documentation (#1343)
auth0/docs-v2: main/docs/api/authentication/multi-factor-authentication/request-mfa-challenge.mdx

  The ID of the authenticator to challenge.
</ParamField>

## Response Schema

<ResponseSchema statusCode="200">

<ResponseField name="challenge_type" type="string">

>   The type of challenge issued. Possible values: `otp`, `oob`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The type of challenge this authenticator issues. Possible values: `otp`, `oob`.
```
